add operation and settings (#905)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-dashboard-ent/4.cluster-operator/6.settings.md

# Other settings

> This topic will describe other settings in Nebula Dashboard.

Reviewer: --->The following shows other settings in xxx

> - Information: It shows cluster name, creates time, and creator.

Reviewer: It --》it

Reviewer: please reorganize [cluster name, creates time, and creator.]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Information: shows the cluster name, the creation time, and the creator.
```

> - Unbind: Unbind a cluster and remove its information from the platform, doing nothing to the cluster's services and data.

Reviewer: , doing nothing to the cluster's services and data. --too oral
Data of Nebula Graph services will be retained.

Reviewer 2: plz refer to the English page.

  !!! note

>         When unbinding a cluster, you need to enter the cluster name to unbind.

Reviewer: Before unbinding a cluster, enter the name of the cluster first.

Reviewer 2: What abt "To unbind a cluster, enter the cluster name first"?

Reviewer: > What abt "To unbind a cluster, enter the cluster name first"?

sure, perfect

  ![Unbind](../figs/ds-019.png)

- Delete: Delete a cluster and remove its information from the platform, stop the cluster's services and retain the data.

  !!! note

>         When deleting a cluster, you need to enter the cluster name to delete.

Reviewer: ditto
